I wondered if you were going to say that
because it's like a phenomenon and I
love that you just yeah how did myself
that's really good
your friends are going to sing it um you
sing it out
Oh like to the point where my friends
like are thinking shut up now
hi I'm kelcie Humphries and this is the
pursuit where I help you in your journey
your hustle and your climb to be your
best self and put out your best work
after all I'm still hustling for that
two guys so I sit down and interview
today's most successful celebrities
executives and entrepreneurs and I break
down success for the rest of us let's
dive into this episode with simon Sinek
if you aren't familiar with simon Synnex
name you're probably familiar with his
first book and the movement he created
called start with why you may also
recognize his face from the same TED
talk which has been viewed over 28
million times he is the New York Times
bestselling author of leaders eat last
and he is an international sought-after
speaker not just spreading an idea but
leading a crusade his refreshing views
on business and leadership have
attracted meetings and speaking
engagements with organizations like NBC
3m Costco Ernst and Young and he's
addressed the United Nations the United
States Congress and the senior
leadership of the United States Air
Force Marine Corps and Army we know why
he created this movement but I wanted to
learn how so I sat down and asked him
all about how to create a movement at
the Ernst & Young offices in New York
City this is a dream come true for me I
read your book years ago this is so cool
so thank you so much thanks for having
me and I know my audience is freaking
out everyone loves start with why and
could not believe that I got to sit and
talk with you today so I want to start
though back at the beginning because I
listen to a lot of interviews and
everyone starts kind of at the
three-month of depression you've been in
your business for a few years but I
would like to hold the phone and say
that you had a you know you went out on
your own and beat the odds so I'd like
to talk about that for a little bit
first because you did eventually make a
decision to go out on your own
and you grew your business and you made
it past the three-year point so what do
you think were some of the keys to the
success of that at the beginning um I
think I mean I'm only successful because
of other people I mean in the early days
when I just started my business I was
pretty much convinced it was me and
everyone else was helping me out you
know but I can tell you with hindsight
that the reason my business took a
nosedive because my whole trajectory
changed the first three years of my
business were fun and exciting and we
sort of beat the statistic that you know
the overwhelming number was supposed to
go to business and I didn't and my
fourth year was very difficult my fourth
year is very different and that's where
you know when you're running on force of
personality where you you're chief cook
and bottle washer you're making every
sales call you're making you're doing
the the product you're making every
you're offering the service you're doing
everything at some point you reach a
level where especially if you survive
for a few years that you now have to ask
other people for help so you have to
hire people right and the stress of
letting go when or trying to do
everything which is demoralizing for
people who you bring on and then needing
structure you know what is the actual
structure of the business it's not just
you doing everything and that's where I
failed I was terrible at structure I
continue to be terrible in structure and
and really became very very difficult
for me to grow my business became very
very stressful and I really hit a dark
patch and that's when I learned the most
valuable lesson I think of my career
which is I don't have to know all the
answers and when I don't I don't have to
pretend that I do hmm and a willingness
to admit that I needed help that I
didn't know I knew this but I didn't
know that allowed me to seek help and
accept it when I was offered and I
realize I'm we're all surrounded by
people who are plenty willing to help us
but because so many of us spend so much
of our time lying hiding and faking
people don't offer us their help because
they just don't think we need it yeah
because we've presented ourselves in
this picture that we're good to go and
so we leave ourselves by ourselves it's
our own fault
and so when I was able to stop lying
hiding and faking and was able to say
really good at this
really bad at that and it was a
depressing thing it was just like an
admission people came up oh love it go
oh my I could totally help you with that
and that's when my real trajectory took
off was when I realized that it's it's a
team sport and I'm I have to be really
good at the thing that I'm good at and I
have to be willing to help those succeed
what they're good at and allow others to
help me succeed as well at what I'm good
at and so it's that wonderful wonderful
sort of relationship that we all have
each other where we commit ourselves to
seeing each other succeed that is the
reason I find myself where I am today
Wow so at that point you just you
discovered that businesses all function
with three things what we do how we do
it and why we do it yeah so this started
this whole wide phenomenon that you
launched but was that like you sitting
there writing on a napkin was this you
decide to start reading books I mean
what how did it start you know it always
sounds like it's an invention or like
there was some sort of revolution and
you know you sort of you hit your head
on the bathtub and there you have that
it's not like that these ideas like all
good ideas are evolutionary and I was
tinkering with I I was already tinkering
with something that looked like the
Golden Circle simply to explain why some
marketing worked and some marketing
didn't and it was really good to help me
sort of start a PowerPoint presentation
but the theory was basically there and
it didn't you know as I learned more I
started to learn about the biology of
human decision-making and that set off a
spark that oh my goodness this is much
bigger than marketing this is our lives
this is our careers this is biology this
is how we make decisions that's when I
realize the power of what I had sitting
on the shelf and then I applied the
scientific sort of methodology which is
I had this theory let's test it let's
wait for the theory to fail and so
people come to me and say will this work
in you know big business I'm like I
don't know let's try will it work in
this industry I don't know let's try it
will it work in politics I don't know
let's try and it kept working and that's
when I realized it was really something
very very special so people start asking
you to share help them figure out their
why it gets bigger and bigger was when
did you decide alright I've got to sit
and write this
down yeah and do you consider yourself a
writer I mean did you were you already
writing lots of things and tell us about
your process not a writer never imagined
being a writer never fantasized about
being a writer but as I said other
people who believed what I believed I
got very very very good at talking about
what I believed and stopped completely
talking about what I did
people come to say what do you do and I
wouldn't say what I did I would tell
them what I believe and literally I
started practicing the things that I
eventually wrote about which is I
started with why and when you do that it
attracts people who believe what you
believe and so the way the book came
about is a friend of mine who knew what
I believed and that was sharing my ideas
with her I said you have to write this
down and I shrugged and she said I'll
introduce you to an agent and I shrugged
and then I had an agent and somebody
else said I wanted to use it to an
editor friend I had and I was trying to
said okay and the editor talked to me he
said I wanted you to a publisher so my
meeting with the publisher actually
wasn't set up by my agent and I ended up
having a 29 minute meeting with Adrian
Zack Heim who's the god of business
publishing he's the original publisher
from good to great he came up with the
title and everything Wow and I'm here in
this 29 minute meeting with him and
three days later they offered me a book
deal and I literally I I never presented
myself as anything that I was not and I
just would tell people what I believed
and I and what I imagined the world
could be based on this little idea and
people who believe oh I believe wanted a
help and so he helped me by offering me
the opportunity to to share my idea at a
much broader scale he absolutely took a
bet on me I was an unknown personality I
didn't have much of a platform which is
what they was tell you need and he took
a bet Wow so I'm very very very lucky
and very very grateful to him for that
bet and I mean a great bet to take
obviously I mean it's just it's
worldwide I mean anyone I feel like I
haven't come across anyone who hasn't
heard of it or doesn't know everybody
knows one of the most popular TED talks
of all time I mean just congratulations
thank you but so what's interesting is
you're why tell everyone your why to
inspire people to do the things that
inspire them so together we can change
world some don't you love it but I and
what about people who are like that's
great to have a why but like we have to
do work for example there's a lot of
grunt work there's jobs that anyone
would hate doing what about what what do
you say to them so if you there's two
questions there I don't believe the Y is
the end-all be-all okay when I talk
about the Golden Circle there were three
levels to it what we do how we doing and
why we do it right the reason I talk
about the why is because that's the
piece that's always missing because
everybody knows what they do some people
know how they do it the things that you
think make you stand out from the
competition you're differentiating value
proposition whatever you want to call it
but very very few people if ever think
about or talk about why they do what
they do and my point was is that you
cannot achieve or find long term success
or fulfillment unless all three pieces
are there so of course of course the
heavy lifting happens if you all you
have is why and no work then you live on
a hippie commune it's everything's
kumbaya and you don't get any work done
which is also very unfulfilled after
some time and no if all you do is what
and how then you have a job rather than
a calling you know it's it is grunt work
as opposed to something that matters why
contextualizes the importance of all of
that hard lifting you know if you work
very very hard for something you hate or
don't believe in it's called stress if
you work very very hard for something
you do believe in or love it's called
passion and that's what the why does it
fuels it gives you the energy to get all
that heavy lifting done now you said
something else they're just you said
there are just jobs people don't like or
something today there are some jobs no
one would like yeah that's just not true
I think that we have this sort of very
ethnocentric sense of our own like well
clearly people like things like working
in tech and how can anybody like working
as a janitor or something and it's
completely nonsense it's really
judgmental actually of us to even think
that way because again I ask awesome
because I know because I know so many
high tech people and bankers and
white-collar and you know movie business
and glamour glamour who hate their lives
hate their jobs hate their colleagues
hate their bosses and need pills to
sleep
okay I know plenty of them there's
superficial Glamour's wonderful lives
and I know plenty of people who work in
factories with their hands and they
stand at a machine all day and are
grateful for the company they work for
and they love their colleagues and they
feel cared for and they love coming to
work because they feel like they're
contributing to something bigger than
themselves it has nothing to do with the
work they do it has to do with the
reason they come to work that's being
why it started a movement obviously but
let's get back to you so you start to
see I'm assuming that it's catching on
like wildfire and you get this book deal
and now people want you to speak all the
time did you change your business model
or sell your old business or did you
just transition because you were doing
marketing consultant yeah so the
marketing business happened three years
prior so I had the marketing business
lost my passion for what I was doing
that crisis mm-hmm
was the spark that helped me find this
thing called the why and then define the
Golden Circle and I would fell in love
with this idea and would literally go to
my friends apartments and give talks to
their friends about this thing called
the why and I would help people find
their why for a hundred bucks on the
side that's how it began okay and people
just kept in kept asking me to speak and
I kept saying yes so I was actually
giving the talk for about three years
before any book or TED talk and that's
when I abandoned my marketing business
because I realized when I realized I
could make a living doing this that
people will pay me to speak and will
also invite me to come and consult I
guess but as it started to gain
popularity then the question was what do
I want to do and I made the conscious
decision not to build a consultancy
because I didn't want for me spreading
the message is much more important so I
sort of took on the the identity of sort
of a modern-day preacher I had a purpose
I had a cause I had a calling I had a
something I believed in that I was going
to preach I was going to share it I was
in a stand on my bully pulpit and I was
going to look for followers to help me
spread this spread this gospel I mean
that's really that the angle I took and
that's what we've done and the reason
the message is spread is because that's
what we decided we would do I could have
become a consultant and made a nice
little nest egg but this seemed like the
the right thing to do I'd rather more
people find a job they love and feel
inspired when they wake up every day not
just a few people like to help so when
you're that passionate and that
committed was it I feel like it would be
interesting or maybe challenging or
difficult to bring on team members how
so well because it's like your baby I
mean everyone's business is their baby
so a lot of people have questions about
hiring but what what were your what's
your advice for starting to build a team
and I think the difference between an
entrepreneur who cannot achieve scale
which is different from success you can
make a ton of money but that's not scale
it's just money right versus being able
to cross that little chasm and find that
tipping point where it can really gain
scale is the ability to let go you know
I'd been chief cook and bottle washer I
had done every job and so when I started
needing help because I could no longer
do every job I didn't have the time or
the energy I wanted to tell everybody
how I used to do it and have them do it
that way
that's that's that's about like
assigning tasks that's not a sending
responsibility that's not letting go and
it was a slow uncomfortable process it's
not like tomorrow morning I'm just going
to let go you know it doesn't it doesn't
it doesn't work that right it's a very
uncomfortable process I assume you use
the analogy of this is your baby I
assume it's something like when your
kids grow up and leave the house or when
they become old enough to drive and they
gain some independence like we'd like to
tell them what to do what to eat when to
go to bed when to have a shower but you
kind of lose that and right some parents
struggle with that and it creates
tension in the relationship with their
kids and some parents slowly embrace
that their kids are adults and and it's
the same kind of transition where you
people come on and you realize that they
care and that they're smart and that
they're good at what they do and that
they want to learn and so they want to
do things they've never done before also
they don't have to be experts and
everything and you let go a little bit
they do an amazing job and you let go
and amazing a little bit late and then
they you let go a little bit and they
screw it all up and you say okay try
again and the more they feel that you
care about their success the more I
started to feel um that I cared about
the success of those around me it became
very easy for me to simply say just take
care of this and whatever happens is
fine in every decision you make I love
you know yeah which this is kind of
easily segwaying us into your next book
but before we go there I was listening
to I'm sure you're familiar with Liz
Gilbert and I was listening to her in an
interview and she was talking about
after the massive success of Eat Pray
Love kind of like a little bit of an
identity crisis you know did you have
that after what became I mean your book
became what it is so it's funny you
bring up Elizabeth Gilbert because her
TED talk actually helped me not go
through that so people would come up to
me and say how are you gonna do another
TED talk as successful as the first one
and the answer was I'm not that was an
accident I won the lottery like I won
the lottery and I can't plan to win the
lottery again like me that's not how it
works and the success of start with Y
again like I can't plan that like
there's nothing you can't plan for
something that was an accident so I had
actually completely divorced myself of
any notion that I had to produce
something that was better or more
successful than the first work and so
when I set out to write leaders eat last
the only goal was to share every lesson
that I'd been learning on the topic of
trust and cooperation and do the best
job I can of communicating those ideas
with literally no concern or thought
whether it would be more successful than
the first one I didn't mind I didn't
care and I feel that way about all my
work which is you know the Y has sort of
gone off and done its own thing and and
it's like my kid leaving the house only
just so proud so tell us just about your
actual writing process do you sit in a
room for a certain chunk every day or
you know how do you actually get the
book done a very very envious of writers
with discipline you know you treat it
like a job from 9:00 to 5:00 or set a
goal every day of writing you know
whatever a thousand words for 2,000
words and they do that I that's not my
process my process is best defined as
days of guilt and self-loathing
punctuated by hours of
your brilliance and the problem is I
don't know when those hours will strike
and so I will sit at home and watch TV
and hate myself for not getting any work
done and and I won't go out for dinner
in case one of these things strikes and
then I sit at home and watch TV and say
I should have gone out for dinner then I
see my friends and then the next night I
got for dinner and then I have an idea
and I'm riding on tablecloths and it's
it's more of a creative mad process than
it is a disciplined process I feel like
a lot of people can relate to that a lot
of writers probably yeah I'm okay with
it like I don't pretend that I have the
discipline I don't like sit at a desk
and stare at a screen or write I can't
write you know some writers they can
write 2,000 words a day even if it's
junk I can't do that if I'm writing I
have to like what I'm writing and if I
don't like what I'm writing then I
stopped writing interesting now your
second book readers eat last if you guys
haven't heard the story that prompted
that you told it so brilliantly to marie
forleo so I don't want to take time on
that today but I'll link it you guys go
watch it because I was like on the edge
of my seats of this whole your whole
journey through Afghanistan and just
take note of the way he tells stories
okay for anybody who's the speaker or
you're working on your writing because I
was just riveted
so then after in that book I kind of
want you to just touch on what you feel
like our leadership challenges for
people who are still very small so five
employees ten employees because a lot of
times you know they're growing so fast
they're trying to keep up there's no
culture to speak of there's nothing
what's your advice to them so when we're
junior or when we're solo we only really
have to be good at whatever it is we
claim we're offering like that's pretty
much it you know and as you gain
seniority or as you have to bring on
more people you have to go through a
transition you don't have a choice some
people make it quickly something we make
it slowly and some people will never
make it at all which is you now go
through the transition where you're no
longer responsible for the job you're
now responsible for the people who are
responsible for the job right so I love
talking to CEOs and say you know what's
your priority is a my customer I'm like
you haven't talked to a customer in 10
years yeah you're not responsible of the
customer you're responsible for the
people who are responsible for the
customer you know there's not a senior
exec
on the planet that's responsible for the
results zero they're responsible for the
people who responsible for the results
and so we work so hard and get advanced
degrees on how to do the job but really
there's very little out there to train
us to do the job of leadership which is
to let go of the result and take care of
the people who are responsible with
results now when you have a small
business you actually have to do both
where you do have responsibility for the
job because you're still in the game
but now you also have responsibility for
people and their and their jobs and so
you have to dance that line and if you
do too much of one then the thing
collapses and if you do too much of the
other then you're you're a micromanager
and everybody wants you out of their way
and everybody eights coming to work for
you and the thing collapses and so you
really have to find that balance and as
the organization grows what you've been
doing is practicing and as the
organization grows and you stop doing
the jobs you used to do you not take
care of the people who do the jobs so
you know you become a much better leader
but it's a it's a process it's a
transition it's an education it's not an
event it's not like today I'm a leader I
hired you know I've got five people I'm
a leader it's nothing work that way so
but it takes unbelievable it takes a lot
of hard work it takes a lot of energy
leadership is the most it is more
difficult in the business right because
you can back plan something or you can
figure out how to fill your pipeline but
how you deal with the whims and
insecurities and egos and ambitions of a
human being right who no matter how
great they are they have a fight with
their spouse or there's a family tragedy
or they didn't get enough sleep and
everything's horrible right you know
like they come to work with all of that
stress and anxiety and human beings are
messy it's I wish it were so neat and so
the leadership is really really hard
work and I equate leadership to it's
like everyone to parenting where
everyone on the planet has the capacity
to be a parent it doesn't mean everybody
should be a parent and it doesn't mean
everybody wants to be a parent
leadership is the same everybody has the
capacity to be a leader doesn't mean
that everybody wants to be a leader and
it doesn't mean that everybody should be
a leader so if you don't want to be a
parent don't have kids
if you don't want to be a leader then
don't push your career to have people
report to you because you then don't
have a choice like if you accidentally
have a kid congratulations you are now a
parent right yep
you know so if you find yourself in a
leadership position you either give it
up to somebody else and say and I know
plenty of entrepreneurs who do that they
bring in presidents to run their
companies and they like to be the
creative director they like to be in the
weeds because they're good at it they
don't want to run the organization they
don't want to lead the people right it's
hard mm-hmm and you stop getting to do
the stuff that you like doing anyway you
have to like leadership so it's an
education and the best leaders I know
like truly remarkable leaders who some
of them have achieved amazing things in
the command unbelievable love and
loyalty from their people they get all
the theories that I talked about they
get it they do it I learn from them none
of them consider themselves experts they
all consider themselves students and
when anybody says to you you know I'm an
expert at this I think I know what I'm
doing run run run right yeah
it's the ones who understand that every
everyday as a leader is an education and
so all the leaders I know talk about
leadership like we sit down and we talk
about it like I want to hear what
they're doing that when you're what I'm
doing yeah like we talk about it because
we're learning right I may be in a more
advanced student than some but I'm still
a student right and so when you have
that perspective you show up every
single day as a student you're the
students mind the students mentality and
so you're constantly like you watch the
news or you watch a press conference or
you meet someone and you're constantly
paying attention to how they answered
something or how they did something
agreeing and disagreeing because you're
in student mode if you're an expert mode
you just ignore the world around you so
all the best leaders I know see it as a
constant every day education and a daily
practice student mode I like that
student mode so now you are a leader and
you have a team play one on TV what is
the average day like for simon Sinek oh
i wish i had an average day that's
no I don't I don't have an average day
my days or I I like to say that I want
one of the things I love my job is I
don't know what I do every Monday I
don't really have a sense of routine
there are lots of things that I have to
do and sometimes things go in spurts so
sometimes I'm on the road sometimes I'm
working directly with organizations or
leaders when they'll be zorkin it within
those organizations sometimes I'm
writing I have a strategic partnership
with EU I understand young where they're
taking my IP and we're developing it
into products and services so we can
give it to more people so that they can
implement it more easily and we're I'm
actually a part of something that they
do every year called sgf which in the
entrepreneur world that's very very well
known I love that kind of stuff so I
have responsibilities there as well
we're developing stuff together which is
fun so there's no there's no there's no
routine but like anybody else my
struggles are the same that sometimes I
have I have what I call very
productively unproductive days where
there's something I have to get done and
I get done 15 other things but not the
thing right I'm the same do you have any
daily rituals or habits that you think
have helped in your success I mean as I
said before I'm very good about asking
for help of bouncing ideas of someone
you know even if I'm you know rarely
100% sure about but even if I'm 90% sure
about something I'll call up somebody on
my team be like so this is what's
happened this is what I'm thinking of
doing and sometimes just me getting to
say it out loud is like okay no that's
actually a bad idea yeah you know so I'm
very good about using sounding boards
even for things that I'm fairly
confident about so I do that a lot
it's the basics I think you got to get a
good night's sleep I think you you got
to exercise you know if you don't if you
think one of the big things I changed in
my life was I prioritized exercise so
exercise for me goes in my schedule like
a meeting and too many of us treat
exercise as something malleable or
flexible where oh my god I have this
amazing opportunity to meet with this
person I'll move my gym time I don't
like my gym time is
in my schedule and if somebody says can
I meet you at 3 o'clock or or later you
know six o'clock whatever whenever I put
it in sometimes in the middle today I go
I'm sorry I'm busy that time they'd have
to know what I'm doing right I'm busy so
can we do it tomorrow yeah and I'm
really my I really started things
started to may get a lot easier for me
when I prioritized my body and my health
equally as my my my work so that's a big
one and I'm really good about separating
from my telephone and from from email my
phone doesn't go busy being buzzed beep
for every notification I keep my phone
ringer off almost all the time I don't
know when I get emails I'll check later
like it doesn't my email alert is
actually turned off so the only way I
find out if I got an email is if I go
check my phone won't buzz and that's on
purpose because I don't want to
Pavlovian response you know somebody hit
reply all and I got buzzed I go like
this and exactly and it didn't even
matter and I interrupted something that
I actually was focused on and I broke
that concentration yeah I'm really good
about putting my phone away and working
not having it on the desk I'm really
good about going out with my friends or
even for meetings not putting the phone
on the desk not putting the phone on the
table engaging with somebody fully and
it's that practice where people are much
more likely to want to help you if they
feel that you do something as simple as
look in the eye and give them your full
attention as opposed to one of these
deals uh-huh you're totally or my
favorite one is the phone rings they go
I'm not going to get this it's like oh
you're so magnetic
yeah so so I'm really good at
prioritizing health I don't believe in
pulling all-nighters I just don't
believe in it the quality of the work
can't be that good anyway you know 4
o'clock in the morning I'd rather get at
least some sleep and then wake up early
and work you know and and and really
prioritizing
the relationships I have with other
people whether it's whether it's a
first-time meeting or an old friend
I'm very good about putting my phone
away do you feel like you had to give
anything up to serve this giant movement
I've given up a lot and always
consciously it
none of the decisions were made by
accident um you know when you when I
made the decision that I was going to
spread this message I knew that it would
come as a sacrifice to my my personal
life I knew that I knew that going in
you know when you're always on the road
going on a date and goes great and you
go oh my god I had so much fun are you
free in six weeks
yeah you're on your undateable I there
was a sacrifice there I knew that and
there was a point at which I was
sacrificing my health a fix that one but
yeah there were sacrifices I've made I
regret none of them you know you make
value judgments and you can pick one you
know you can't have it all yeah and so
if you're going to choose this you can
have to give up that so if you want more
time you might have to give up some of
the money if you want more money then
you're gonna have to give up some of the
time like you know yeah it's it's not
always that easy so and sometimes I play
with a juggle with those you know
looking back what's the best part and
the worst part of your journey so far
well the best part is the journey I mean
this is the most exciting amazing
wonderful thing that I've ever done it
my life is surreal there's not a single
thing that I'm doing or have done that I
could have imagined that I would do I'm
grateful for every day and when
everybody says oh my god you've done so
much my answer has been the same for the
past ten years which is it's just the
tip of the iceberg and I'm I'm trying to
change the way in which business is run
I'm trying to undo all of the theories
that were popularized in the 80s and 90s
you know shareholder supremacy putting
the interests of an external constituent
ahead of the people inside your company
that's like a coach prioritizing the the
desires of the fans over the desires of
the players that's what that is
well we have to sell tickets sure
destroy your team and appease a fan for
a year or two with a couple promotions
right so that's what shareholder
supremacy is that was a theory that was
proposed in late 1970s the use of mass
layoffs to balance the books we're not
talking life-and-death situations here
you know balancing the books for the
year you know that was a that did not
exist in the United States prior to the
1980s yeah so they have all of these
theories rank and yank terrible terrible
destroys the inside of a corporate
culture or pitting people against each
other I get I like to get my people to
come
against each other no no compete with
not competing against you know there's
all of these theories that were
popularized in the 80s and 90s all in
the name of selfish desires that have
really done long-term damage to our
economy to the way we feel about our
jobs the way we feel about each other
the way you feel about ourselves
depression is massively on the rise in
our company if any company goes look at
their that without what they're spending
on health care you know from you know
they can companies can see what drugs
they're buying in their health care
plans you'll see that there is a
precipitous rise in can you have a
precipitous rise exponential rise in in
depression drugs in fact it's the number
one thing that we're treating in
companies so I'm trying to completely
undo an entire philosophy of how we do
business that is the norm in the United
States and other places in the world
like we don't even think that anything
is bad when layouts are no they
announced layoffs it's awful right so no
matter how much I've accomplished I
stand at the foot of my of the mountain
oh my god oh my god I'm so much more to
do yeah and I love that I guess the
worst part is that what is the worst
part I don't know I mean I have bad days
and but that's not I mean like you get
through those and I have days where I
think I can't do it but you get through
those and I don't know it's pretty it's
pretty cool yeah that's an awesome
answer I don't know yeah I'm sorry I
wish I had something so if you had to
give what your number one piece of
advice for someone who is has a message
and they're trying to spread it to the
world what's your number one piece of
advice for them so spread it like what
are you waiting for do it you know I get
this question sometimes you know I want
to be a public speaker how do I start
speak I don't know you know like it's
not about the problem is are you
speaking because you have a message to
spread are you speaking because you want
to be on Ted or become famous or get
paid lots of money to stand on the stage
like what's your motivation like if your
motivation is to be on Ted or be famous
I got
nothing I have no idea how you do that
right but if you have a message to
spread the rule is talk to anyone who
will listen remember I started is
talking for free in the living rooms of
my friends that's how I started yeah and
somebody said will you come to my
company and they went gay and they paid
me a couple hundred bucks you know and
the first time somebody ever offered me
any sort of real money I didn't realize
this was an industry that I could accept
the money so I gave it to charity like
they gave me a big check you know that's
what I thought you did right so I didn't
realize I could make a living so I even
today I don't define myself as a speaker
I speak and if I stop speaking
I still have an identity in other words
my identity comes from my Y my identity
comes from my message my identity comes
from the thing that I want to talk about
that I want to write about I'm an author
technically because I happen to written
a couple of books but do I cease to have
an identity because I if I never write
another book again what if I never give
another speech what happens my identity
I'm fine
so I've never wanted to be a speaker or
an author I just want to spread a
message and I am completely agnostic as
to how I spread that message right so if
you want to do these things then you
have to wake up to do that thing not to
be someone or be that thing you know so
the question is what is the message
you're trying to spread and if you
believe DES playing that message your
passion will show through and if your
passion shows through because you
believe desperately in that message
people will invite you because they're
attracted to your passion and they like
your message and if your practice and
you become clearer and more articulate
and how you explain your ideas and other
people go I understand I understand so
clearly I can tell someone your idea
without you in the room then what
happens to is your message starts to
spread without you yeah and then down
somebody calls you up and says will you
come and deliver your message that I've
heard about over here and you go I would
love to thank you and the thing grows
we'll be back in just a second with fast
facts man there's so much we can learn
from that interview but here are my keys
to success from my interview with simon
Sinek
number one be honest with yourself and
CENTAC with others he had to realize
what he was good at and what he wasn't
good at he says once he started to get
honest and just spread his message with
others things started to take off he
didn't try to build a platform or become
an author he just started to share his
ideas and focus on what he was good at
number two be patient and persistent
cynic started really small sharing his
message in friends apartments for a
hundred bucks on the side
he just started sharing his message and
he says if you want to create a movement
just get up and start sharing your
message but of course you have to
consider why you want to start a
movement and realize that it takes a lot
of time and sacrifice he gave up a lot
in his personal life in order to spread
this message so quickly and so
powerfully number three be passionate
focused and passion focused again we
have to talk about why if we're talking
about simon Sinek
he literally started practicing the
things he wrote about he would introduce
himself by talking about what he
believed in instead of what he did he
says if you just start sharing and
practice how to share your passion
clearly other people will start to get
on board and it will begin to grow
number four be willing to let go and
keep learning he says that the
entrepreneurs that reach a tipping point
realized that they have to let go and
truly delegate and be able to tell their
team members that they can make their
own decisions and that they'll be fine
with the decisions that they make
and part of letting go is admitting you
don't have all the answers he says that
the best leaders he knows are constantly
in student mode and that learning is a
daily practice for them number five be
practical be present and stay grateful
he says to focus on the simple things
when it comes to your health like diet
exercise getting a lot of sleep then he
says focus on being present he puts away
his phone he engages with people and
lastly he called himself lucky multiple
times even though he worked for three
years on his idea before starting to get
any sort of traction with his book deal
or his speaking gigs he was just sharing
his message with people in their homes
this is someone who worked
hard to start sharing his message and
instead he says he got lucky that is a
sign of someone who's grateful and he
says he's living his dream and is
grateful for every day and we are back
for fast facts just try and answer as
quickly as you can okay without really
thinking about okay all right
what is the wallpaper on your phone it's
a photograph it's a it's an art it's I'm
a I'm an art nut so it's a photograph of
a girl in a pool but it's the brew the
pool is decorated like it's a how it's
hard to explain okay so it's raining
with our just go hard okay it's hard
what's the last thing you googled uh
probably a restaurant something nearby
yeah Scrabble or charades Oh Scrabble
hands down favorite book a man's search
for meaning favorite fiction book uh
Alice in Wonderland chocolate or vanilla
chocolate one word you're guilty of
saying too often probably the word
inspire who is the last person that you
called or texted my sister what was the
last awkward situation you were in thank
you pick a day I mean last vacation you
took uh Bahamas favorite hobby
photography coffee or tea tea early bird
or night owl it's changed I used to be a
night out nice till I'm lucky hybrid
kind of hybrid yes winter or summer
winter wine or beer wine pancakes or
waffles don't care guilty pleasure TV
show Game of Thrones but I don't feel
guilty
yeah neither marie forleo said the same
thing and i also I agree um favorite
snack um I like those I like those pop
corners you know they call they like the
popcorn things sweet thing there's a
good interesting I'll try and google app
for the rest of us and link to whatever
it is you're talking about good um what
the cold is nothing favorite cereal I'm
I like I'm I'm a syrup I have many boxes
of cereal and I moved by my
self and so there's no favorite cereal
it's the art of mixing cereal you know
is the same way chef coding Siri ologist
is what I am interested yeah I mix
cereals there's usually raisins in there
there's usually maybe sometimes there's
fruit I like I'm going through a goat's
milk phase right now
interesting yeah what is your favorite
music right now I have an eclectic taste
in music I mean this is embarrassing
the the Hamilton soundtrack I mean that
yeah yeah I wondered if you were going
to say that because it's like a
phenomenon and I love that you just yeah
how did myself that's really good your
friends are gonna like to sing it um
he's singing it out Oh
like to the point where my friends are
like okay you can shut up now amazing
biggest pet peeve I got a bunch of those
I I hate it when I mean how myopic are
we talking here
I hate open cabinets when people leave
cabinets open like I walk into someone's
house and cabinets are up and I will go
and just like close all their kitchen
cabinets like don't come over
it makes me keep skating on it makes me
really uncomfortable that my mom is just
on to the next task
no no so is mine I know like I'll open
the cabinet take some that close the
cabinet open a cabinet take something
out close again yeah I get that
that's what's gonna what I know where it
comes from but it's true what were you
doing right before this interview I was
working with the wonderful people at UI
figuring out what we're going to do a
test EF and what were you be doing after
this interview uh I don't know actually
alrighty honest I don't know well again
thank you so much this has been
incredible it's been an awesome time
thank you for fitting it in I'm Kelsey
Humphries this is simon Sinek
and this has been the pursuit
don't forget guys there are three ways
to support the show you can subscribe
here on YouTube you can leave a comment
and you can go subscribe to the weekly
emails to go behind the scenes and get
extra info from each episode